Just an idea that started in a crude form while I and Giri were discussing on something. Approach with a view point of need, ask yourself how useful it would be after going through the following and please treat the below as an initial draft, which could be improvised upon any facet. My suggestion would be to provide a solution that is relevant and hence would take a little time and build expertise on it. Please go through the following.
A bit more polished Idea for the application :

Was Brain storming on the various facets of the application, below are the key areas to focus upon : 
1.	The application should have data on specific topics (verticals should be specified by us, i.e. like sports, 
movies, books, tv shows, places etc.). This gives us the liberty to avoid sensitive topics like religion and politics.

2.	The data should be rated based on a cumulative score from the users, the catch being the data should not 
be redundant, talking of movies the data should not ape that on IMDB or Wikipedia. It should be a brief synopsis, and 
the topic should be rated.

3.	The most important feature : Chat rooms, as we would rely on people to engage, on any topic we can 
allow users to start a  chat room and invite other users, if the users are following a particular topic or a particular 
user, they will be notified of the chat room being initiated.

4.	Mobile first approach : Making the application mobile centric helps us in mobilising more no.
of people and keeping the application light.

5.	Developing the application as a culmination of  independent modules so that later we can 
expose the chat room feature via APIs to other application developers to be included in their apps.
E.g. Trip advisor does not have a chat forum, if our thing clicks they just have to use our APIs in a widget
and they have their own chat room.

6.	Scalability, the application should be designed in a way that even if users grow in no. then
the backend will have a very little down time.

Name  : In the scheme of things that I see the product in, it seems to me like a KNOT, multiple threads culminating in one single knot. You can watch/follow a knot and tie in your own thread.

Challenges:
1.	If we really aim at making it go, we have to study hard and come out with efficient algorithms.
Plus to take the call on back end architecture we should have credible knowledge on the related topics. 
There are two ways to achieve this :
•	Take time understand the principles and build it by ourselves.
•	Else, get some one else with a higher amount of exposure on related topics and get things done quicker.

2.	Revenue model : This is the tricky part, because Quora having the number of users it
has is still running on donations and does not have a sustained revenue model, its accumulating users now so 
that it generates money going forward. So to have a user centric approach robs of the initial revenue. So have to 
think from a marketing perspective as how to make a model that makes money and does not annoy users (relying on ads 
does annoy users).

3.	Having a social touch, this is for you Satyam, specially, and of course if we want to do
something big, it must have a humane touch, adding a humane touch would be having Social Work as a separate KNOT, 
in which people can discuss and contribute towards social issues. We would encourage our users to form groups and 
support NGOs to take up and work on causes. We can provide a platform which the NGOs can use as a network 
which would allow them to reach non active users who have not given a thought about social responsibility.

